README.md, before:

# The Meta-Stack of Activities for Training Computer Science Teachers

When developing [Stack](https://github.com/teaching-lab/stack-cs-activities), the collection of activities for teaching computer science, we realized that we have some material that does not teach CS itself, but instead, can be used in CS teacher training. That's why we created the Meta-Stack: an open-source collection of activities for teacher training in the domain of CS.

Each activity in the Meta-Stack features a thorough description, printable handouts, and supporting materials that can be easily used in teacher training sessions. For free.

## Activities

* [Code review](activities/code-review) -- The students formatively assess program code.

## Contact us and join our efforts

Feel free to contribute your own activities.

We also appreciate suggestions for improvement, notes on your experience, or any other comments.
Please, email us at *teachinglab@fi.muni.cz*.

## Contributing authors

The Meta-Stack is maintained by the [*Teaching Lab*](https://is.muni.cz/predmet/fi/DUCIT) community at the [Faculty of Informatics, Masaryk University](https://fi.muni.cz).

## License

<img align="right" width="88" height="31" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" alt="Creative Commons Licence BY NC SA 4.0" title="Creative Commons Licence BY NC SA 4.0">

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/). When using an activity, please credit "Teaching Lab, Faculty of Informatics, Masaryk University".

Commit message:

Admin this is work-in-progress in Readme

README.md, after:

# The Meta-Stack of Activities for Training Computer Science Teachers

When developing [Stack](https://github.com/teaching-lab/stack-cs-activities), the collection of activities for teaching computer science, we realized that we have some material that does not teach CS itself, but instead, can be used in CS teacher training. That's why we created the Meta-Stack: an open-source collection of activities for teacher training in the domain of CS.

Each activity in the Meta-Stack features a thorough description, printable handouts, and supporting materials that can be easily used in teacher training sessions. For free.

## Activities

_This collection is a young innitiative in progress. Therefore, there are currently only a few activities to see (and they may not be polished yet)._

* [Code review](activities/code-review) -- The students formatively assess program code.

## Contact us and join our efforts

Feel free to contribute your own activities.

We also appreciate suggestions for improvement, notes on your experience, or any other comments.
Please, email us at *teachinglab@fi.muni.cz*.

## Contributing authors

The Meta-Stack is maintained by the [*Teaching Lab*](https://is.muni.cz/predmet/fi/DUCIT) community at the [Faculty of Informatics, Masaryk University](https://fi.muni.cz).

## License

<img align="right" width="88" height="31" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" alt="Creative Commons Licence BY NC SA 4.0" title="Creative Commons Licence BY NC SA 4.0">

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/). When using an activity, please credit "Teaching Lab, Faculty of Informatics, Masaryk University".
